Once we have covered fluxbox and Tauriel now would be a good time to put flex books to use and what
we're going to do here we're going to build our portfolio project as you can see here we're going to
start with a bar or here this is going to be the logo.
And these are actually going to be links.
However if we're all going to make more here our screens are smaller.
You can see they're all going to have a button and with the help of a button we're going to be able
to actually display the links in column layout and once we have done with a number then or here this
is going to be our header section we're all going to have a title now.
Next section is going to be in about section.
So here we're going to have a picture over here.
These are going to be two links.
Then these are going to be services section.
So we're going to use a fantastic more here and we're going to just create six and once we're done with
a services section then the next one is going to be a number section and after numbers section.
We're actually going to have a project section.
So we're in the project section and we're going to have pictures and as we're hovering over here you
can see that our link icon is going to be displayed.
And once we're done with a project section this is going to be the contact section.
We're going to place three forms or here on the bottom in the bottom and the last one is going to be
for real.
This is going to place a social icons.
So let's start working and let's start building with a flex box.